# Module 2 Assessment

1. A company wants to transform its data after it has been loaded into the warehouse. Which process should the company use?
> Extract, Load, Transform (ELT)

2. You need to process a large amount of raw data and change it into a format for easy analysis. This process will affect your company’s storage costs in several ways. Which factors can significantly affect storage costs?
> Faster data processing requires more advanced storage solutions.

3. How does cloud data analytics help find faster and better ways to improve patient care in healthcare?
> By learning how medical products work over time and identifying trends

4. Jason wants to justify the amount of money spent on cloud services to achieve an operational goal. Which result of cloud cost optimization will help Jason?
> Cost visibility

5. You are shopping online. You add items to your cart and proceed to checkout. What backend component in cloud architecture enables this experience?
> Application

6. The IT team for a tech company is using several types of tools to support its internal operations. The IT team uses web interfaces, application programming interfaces (APIs), Pub/Sub, Looker, and Jupyter Notebooks. What data tasks would the IT team use these tools to conduct?
> To access data stored in the cloud

7. Which of the following Google BigQuery pricing models would be most suitable for users whose compute and storage needs fluctuate based on business priorities?
> On-demand pricing

8. How does integrating cloud data analytics into manufacturing processes help companies?
> By optimizing operations for reliability and efficiency

9. A cloud data analyst decides to use the rightsizing cost optimization strategy. What benefit does this strategy provide the analyst?
> It optimizes the usage of computing resources for an application.

10. You are planning to use a cloud service to hold and organize a large amount of data. Which component of cloud architecture will be most involved in this task?
> Storage